well that's it everyone is blake
ex kate
so today bar exactly for
will find for a new video
then not to show some hiding
more tempted some hiding and and
how to get out of the terminal map then
it was all and it's easy it's
really easy so he's hiding is already
is full but he's hiding and not going
get in there I'll show out
take out hiding places
so I will show you then then
so a new video as you see
on terminal so then already raw
boards go back on the orange thing
must have marathon and unlimited sprint
you can and pop
and there you are on the wings of
the Le Havre plane is hiding hours
well hidden after a cache and say there
then there is the here to camp
here to camp goes next
then the and that's all for here here
that's all I want to show others
andro you put gore and this time
that's where we run
and here you are interested here and you
are here after camping here
then the next to resa
we even pop and then now I
will show you how to get out of the
map
then mounted on two trucks
take a small pistol arm then
gloves you stuff to act missed i was
almost in this video it's really
good because we can kill the enemies
but they can kill you too in
case here I am going but it does not prevent
not that you're still out of there
even that's even if you kill the advances
a little bit and garonne is out
of the hammock so the press because the
wheel allies there was proof that we are
got damask out because when we go out of
the map we go through everything and street
but we can not go because
here we can not advance these blocks and
mulching and so the law here we can not
to have no but that was all for this
video after we can not stand out
here I go again one last time
to show that it works all the time
after I will show you how to get out
of the Afghan mab and karachi
but karachi will not be right now
because I lack levels created
really is actually for a good climb going
look at each other for the dangers
I want to do that
if we ran again but it's not going
go and there if you do that it was
alas you resort to it during you
are finally present this is the look and
lavaur run like that so look on
start again here and there I'm out of
amap and after two rounds if you do
that I returned to shit on the other hand
castres
by cons if you do that thus
video did not last long it was for
show you how to get out of
the building which figured by cons if
you do that it will not work that you
do not have that you moult if you have
other thing betting if you have not
fed up at on for example you have for
lighten or I do not know when else end
thing it will not work because yeah
have to run so after there are ten more
places to get out of this map but
seriously you guys are forced to
understood us also we could not
get out of the harbor
so here I am out amap that's it
so that's what
thank you for watching this video so
I tell you more so we know we have
looked at you and show how to get out
of the map ends then I say to the
next for a new video